Germany now has Europe's third-largest Jewish population, estimated at 0.
The war resulted in large losses of territory, 10 millions of Germans expulsed, and 45 years of division and supervision by the World War's four chief victors.
Willy Brandt, West Berlin's mayor [[1957]-1966 and West Germany's Chancellor 1969-1974, attempted to soothe the tensions, but particularly his acceptance of the loss of former Eastern Germany caused much controversy, and many Germans viewed his as a traitor.
In September 2004, the right-wing extremist National Democratic Party ("Nationaldemokratische Partei Deutschland" - NPD) gained a new place on the national political stage when they captured 9.
The war resulted in large losses of territory and the expulsion of millions of Germans from Eastern Germany and the deaths of around 3 million German civilians, as well as millions of soldiers.
The resulting domestic strife, the Thirty Years War (1618) and the Peace of Westphalia (1648) drastically enfeebled and politically divided Germany, and thus the imperium was overrun and dissolved during the Napoleonic Wars.
The war resulted in large losses of territory; ethnic cleansing of 15 million Germans from Eastern Germany; occupation and 45 years of division, during which the remaining parts of the country were split up into West Germany and East Germany.
The war resulted in large losses of territory; ethnic cleansing  of 15 million Germans from Eastern Germany; occupation and 45 years of division, during which the remaining parts of the country were split up into  West Germany and the German Democratic Republic.
The war resulted in large losses of territory, 15 million Germans expelled, and 45 years of division, during which the remaining parts of the country were split up into West Germany and East Germany, founded in 1949.
In Afghanistan, 2,100 German troops currently make up the largest contingent of the NATO-led ISAF force.
In Afghanistan, 4,500 German troops currently make up the largest contingent of the NATO-led ISAF force.
The war resulted in large losses of territory; 15 million Germans expelled; a ruined national self-confidence, not the least due to the Holocaust; and 45 years of division, during which the remaining parts of the country were split up into West Germany and East Germany.
After annexing Austria in 1938, the policy of annexing neighboring territories led to the outbreak of World War II in Europe on 1 September, 1939, when Germany invaded Poland.
The German inhabitants, who before the war had numbered 10 million, were expropriate and expelled.
The war resulted in large losses of territory; ethnic cleansing of 15 million Germans from Eastern Germany; occupation and 45 years of division, during which the remaining parts of the country were split up into West Germany and the Soviet Occupation Zone (later the German Democratic Republic).
The war resulted in large losses of territory; the killing of 15 million Germans from Eastern Germany; occupation and 45 years of division, during which the remaining parts of the country were split up into West Germany and East Germany.
The largest multi-city metropolitan areas are the Ruhr Area, the Rhein-Main Region and the Stuttgart RegionGermany has about 7.
The war resulted in the death of some 7 million Germans, large territorial losses and the expulsion of millions of ethnic Germans from former German provinces, in which more than 2 million German civilians, mostly women and children, were killed.
The number of so called Heimatvertriebene German citizens, exceeeded 10 milion people.
The war resulted in large losses of territory and the expulsion of millions of Germans from Eastern Germany and the deaths of around 3 million German civilians, as well as million of soldiers.
The war resulted in the death of some 7 million Germans and large territorial losses.
The Third Reich was that of the National Socialists or "Nazis", which lasted 12 years, lead to the Holocaust, resulted in large losses of territory; ethnic cleansing of Germans from Eastern Germany; occupation and 45 years of division, during which the remaining parts of the country were split up into West Germany and East Germany.
The war resulted in the death of some 7 million Germans, large territorial losses and the expulsion of millions of ethnic Germans from Silesia, East Prussia and Pomerania, as well as from Bohemia and Moravia, in which more than 2 million German civilians, mostly women and children, were killed.
This was the second German Reich, usually translated as "empire", but also meaning "realm" because Austria was originally settled by Germans in the 700's.
German GDP, compared to the NATO average of 2.
As of 2004, the scare has pretty much turned into a non-topic, with the German inland intelligence service (Verfassungsschutz) assuming less than 10,000 followers in the country.
An ethnic Danish minority of about 50,000 people lives in Schleswig, mostly close to the Danish border, in the north; a small number of Slavic people known as the Sorbs lives in the states of Saxony (about 40,000) and Brandenburg (about 20.
The war resulted in the death of some seven million Germans, large territorial losses and the expulsion of  15 million Germans from Eastern Germany and other parts of Eastern Europe.
Currently about two thirds of the German population, more than 55 million people, officially belong to a Christian denomination, although most of them take no part in church life.
The Frisian language, considered the living language closest to the English language, is mother tongue for about 12,000 speakers in Germany, the rest living in the Netherlands.
An ethnic Danish minority of about 50,000 people lives in Schleswig, mostly close to the Danish border, in the north; a small Slavic people known as the Sorbs lives in the states of Saxony (about 40.
Demographics of GermanyGermany has at least 7 million foreign residents, including those granted political asylum, guest workers (Gastarbeiter), and their dependants.
German cities of more than 100,000 inhabitants were destroyed.
Currently  more than 62 million  people of  German population, officially belong to a Christian denomination, although most of them take no part in church life except at such events as weddings and funerals.
This resulted in the religious split of the country and in 1555 it was left to the princes to determine the religious affiliation of their respective territoriesThe resulting domestic strife, the Thirty Years War (1618) and the Peace of Westphalia (1648) drastically enfeebled and politically divided Germany, and thus the imperium was overrun and dissolved during the Napoleonic Wars.
Although not one of the main causes, the assassination of Austria's crown prince triggered World War I on 28 July 1914, which saw Germany as part of the unsuccessful Central Powers in the second-bloodiest conflict of all time against the Allied Powers.
The war resulted in large losses of territory; 15 million Germans expelled; occupation and 45 years of division, during which the remaining parts of the country were split up into West Germany and East Germany.
The Frisian language, considered the living language closest to the English language, is mother tongue to about 12,000 speakers in Germany, the rest living in the Netherlands.
From 1941 until 1945 Nazi Germans and accomplicies systematically murdered 6 million Jews in the Holocaust, and significant numbers of gypsies, homosexuals, mentally retarded and otherwise disabled people.
The German inhabitants, who before the war had numbered 10 million, were expropriated and expelled.
The German language and the feeling of "Germanhood" go back more than a thousand years, but the state now known as Germany was unified as a modern nation-state only in 1871, when the German Empire was forged, dominated by Prussia and excluding German-speaking Austria, which remained part of a separate multi-ethnic empire for another 50 years.
The war resulted in large losses of territory; ethnic cleansing of 15 million Germans from what had been Eastern Germany; occupation and 45 years of division, during which the remaining parts of the country were split up into West Germany and East Germany.
The unemployment rate in eastern Germany, at 20.
The war resulted in the death of some 7 million Germans, large territorial losses and the expulsion of millions of ethnic Germans from ancient German provinces like Silesia, East Prussia and Pomerania, as well as from Bohemia and Moravia, in which more than 2 million German civilians, mostly women and children, were killed.
The war resulted in large losses of territory; 15 million Germans expelled; radical changes to the demographics of Europe's population following the war's sieges, famines, and the Holocaust; and 45 years of division, during which the remaining parts of the country were split up into West Germany (with its capital at Bonn) and East Germany (with East Berlin as its capital), founded in 1949.
First World War ( 1914 - 1918 )Although not one of the main causes, the assassination of Austria's crown prince triggered World War I on 28 July 1914, which saw Germany as part of the unsuccessful Central Powers in the second-bloodiest conflict of all time against the Allied Powers.
However, Austria was to remain a separate multi-ethnic empire for another 50 years.
From 1941 until 1945 Nazi Germans and accomplicies systematically murdered 6 million Jews in the Holocaust, and significant numbers of Sinti and Roma, homosexuals and mentally retarded and otherwise disabled people.
Currently about 67 percent of the German population, more than 55 million people, belong to a Christian Church.
As of 2004, the scare has pretty much turned into a non-topic, with the German inland intelligence service assuming less than 10,000 followers in the country.
What the hell the war resulted in large losses of territory; ethnic cleansing of 15 million Germans from Eastern Germany; occupation and 45 years of division, during which the remaining parts of the country were split up into West Germany and East Germany.
The Frisian language is mother tongue to about 12,000 speakers in Germany, the rest living in the Netherlands.
In Germany, RAF firebombings of cities as Hamburg and Dresden instantly killed some 100,000 people, and made millions homeless.
The  economic hardship due to both the harsh peace conditions dictated by the Treaty of Versailles (substantial territorial losses; military occupation of the Rheinland and Saar; limits on the size of the German army and navy; no German air force; Germany to accept sole responsibility for World War I; reparations to be paid) and the world wide Great Depression (Germany counted over 6 million unemployed in 1932) contributed to making the democracy unpopular.
From 1941 until 1945 Nazi Germans and accomplicies systematically murdered 6 million Jews in the Holocaust, and significant numbers of gypsies, homosexuals and mentally retarded and otherwise disabled people.
An ethnic Danish minority of about 50,000 people lives mostly close to the Danish border in the north, a Slavic minority known as the Sorbs lives in the states of Saxony (about 40.
The war resulted in large losses of territory, 10 million Germans expulsed, and 45 years of division, while the country was split up into West and East Germany.
The war resulted in large losses of territory; ethnic cleansing of 15 million Germans from these lost territories; occupation and 45 years of division, during which the remaining parts of the former Reich were split up into Austria, West Germany and East Germany.
The war resulted in large losses of territory; ethnic cleansing of 15 million Germans from what had been Eastern Germany and occupation then division of the country.
The war resulted in large losses of territory; 15 million Germans expelled; a ruined national self-confidence, not the least due to the Holocaust; occupation and 45 years of division, during which the remaining parts of the country were split up into West Germany and East Germany.
An ethnic Danish minority of about 50,000 people lives in Schleswig, mostly close to the Danish border, in the north; a small number of Slavic people known as the Sorbs lives in the states of Saxony (about 40.
There are also a large number of ethnic German immigrants from the former Soviet Union area (1.
The 15 million Ethnic Germans living in Eastern Europe were terminated through murder, expulsion, and exportation to slave camps in Siberia.
In 2004, German troops stationed in the United Arab Emirates trained 122 Iraqi soldiers to drive and maintain military trucks.
Willy Brandt, West Berlin's mayor [[1957]-1966 and West Germany's Chancellor 1969-1974, attempted to soothe the tensions, but particularly his acceptance of the loss of former Eastern Germany caused much controversy.
The war resulted in the death of some 7 million Germans, large territorial losses and the brutal expulsion of millions of ethnic Germans from ancient German provinces like Silesia, East Prussia and Pomerania, as well as from Bohemia and Moravia, in which more than 2 million German civilians, mostly women and children, were killed.
As of 2004, about 7 million non-citizen residents were living in Germany.
The war resulted in large losses of territory, 15 million Germans had to leave their homes, and 45 years of division, while the country was split up into West and East Germany.
Some of the about 60,000 long-time resident German Jews have expressed some mixed feelings about this immigration that they perceive as making them a minority not only in their own country but also in their own community; but largely the integration seems to work out.
The war resulted in large losses of territory, 15 million Germans expelled, and 45 years of division, while the country was split up into West and East Germany.
The war resulted in large losses of territory, 10 millions of Germans expulsed, and 45 years of division, while the country was split up into West and East Germany.
The war resulted in large losses of territory, 15 million Germans expulsed, and 45 years of division, while the country was split up into West and East Germany.
Currently about two thirds of the German population, more than 55 million people, officially belong to a Christian denomination, although most of them take no part in church life except at such events as weddings and funerals.
From 1941 until 1945 Nazi Germans and their accomplicies systematically murdered 6 million Jews in the Holocaust, and significant numbers of Sinti and Roma, homosexuals and mentally retarded and otherwise disabled people.
The war resulted in the death of some 7 million Germans, large territorial losses and the expulsion of millions of ethnic Germans as well as colonists and military personel from Silesia, East Prussia and Pomerania,Bohemia and Moravia and other territories, in which an undetermined number of German civilians (the estimated number ranges from 500.
Germany has an area of some 357,000 square kilometres (137,800 square miles).
An ethnic Danish minority of about 50,000 people lives in Schleswig, mostly close to the Danish border, in the north; a small number of Slavic people known as the Sorbs lives in the states of Saxony (about 40,000) and Brandenburg (about 20,000).
England however beat Germany 5 - 1 in a football match.
The war resulted in large losses of territory; ethnic cleansing  of 15 million Germans from what had been Eastern Germany; occupation and 45 years of division, during which the remaining parts of the country were split up into  West Germany and East Germany.
History of GermanyThe German language and the feeling of "Germanhood" go back more than a thousand years, but the state now known as Germany was unified as a modern nation-state only in 1871, when the German Empire was forged, dominated by Prussia and excluding German-speaking Austria, which remained part of a separate multi-ethnic empire for another 50 years.
Currently about two thirds of the German population, more than 55 million people, officially belong to a Christian Church, although most of them take no part in church life.
After annexing Austria in 1938, the policy of annexing neighboring territories led to the outbreak of World War II in Europe on 1 September 1939, when Germany invaded Poland.
The war resulted in large losses of territory, 15 million Germans expelled, and 45 years of division, during which the country was split up into West Germany and East Germany, founded in 1949.
The war resulted in large losses of territory, 15 million Germans expelled, and 45 years of division, while the country was split up into West Germany and East Germany, founded in 1949.
The third largest religious identity in Germany is that of non-religious people (including atheists and agnostics), who amount to a total of 28.
The democracy was made unpopular in part because of the economic hardship due to both the world wide Great Depression (Germany counted over 6 million unemployed in 1932) and the harsh peace conditions dictated by the Treaty of Versailles (substantial territorial losses; military occupation of the Rheinland and Saar; limits on the size of the German army and navy; no German air force; Germany to accept sole responsibility for World War I; reparations to be paid).
A federal union of 16 states enjoying large autonomy and with distinct cultures and national identities, Germany did not become unified until 1871, though the German language and culture have a much longer history.
An ethnic Danish minority of about 50,000 people lives mostly close to the Danish border in the north, a small Slavic people known as the Sorbs lives in the states of Saxony (about 40.
There is also a large number of ethnic German immigrants from the former Soviet Union area (1.
From 1933 onwards, 412 concentration camps were set up for groups that the German government wished to remove from Germany (relocation was the primary means discussed at this time) and people perceived as threats.
There is also a large number of of ethnic German immigrants from the former Soviet Union area (1.
The war resulted in the death of some 7 million Germans, large territorial losses and the expulsion of millions of ethnic Germans from former German provinces like Silesia, East Prussia and Pomerania, as well as from Bohemia and Moravia, in which more than 2 million German civilians, mostly women and children, were killed.
Currently about 67 percent of the German population, more than 55 million people, officially belong to a Christian Church, although most of them take no part in church life.
The whole Polish Diaspora counts more than 2 million people in Germany.
India is the second most populous country in the world, with over 1.277 billion people (2015), more than a sixth of the world's population.
Already containing 17.5% of the world's population, India is projected to be the world's most populous country by 2022, surpassing China, its population reaching 1.6 billion by 2050.
India has more than 50% of its population below the age of 25 and more than 65% below the age of 35.
The geography and climate of the United States are also extremely diverse, and the country is home to a wide variety of wildlife.
Paleo-Indians migrated from Eurasia to what is now the U.S. mainland at least 15,000 years ago, with European colonization beginning in the 16th century.
By the end of that century, the United States extended into the Pacific Ocean, and its economy, driven in large part by the Industrial Revolution, began to soar.
The United States is a developed country and has the world's largest national economy by nominal and real GDP, benefiting from an abundance of natural resources and high worker productivity.
While the U.S. economy is considered post-industrial, the country continues to be one of the world's largest manufacturers.
The total stock of foreign investment in Australia was $2.5 trillion in 2013 (up 11.3 per cent from 2012), and Australian investment abroad totalled $1.6 trillion.
In 2013 alone, foreign investors injected $115 billion of direct investment into Australia, that is, investment into business in which a foreign investor had some element of control, by owning 10 per cent or more of the ordinary shares or voting power.
The largest sources of this direct investment were the United States ($35 billion), Singapore ($14 billion), the United Kingdom ($12 billion) and Japan ($10 billion).
In 2013, Brazil exported $247B and imported $238B, resulting in a positive trade balance of $9.2B.
In 2013 the GDP of Brazil was $2.25T and its GDP per capita was $15k.
Canada is the world's second-largest producer of hydroelectricity after China, which accounted for 58% of all electric generation in 2007.
Canada is the world's sixth-largest producer of electricity generated by nuclear power, producing 97 billion kWh in 2013.
In Ontario, Canadian-designed CANDU nuclear reactors supplied more than half the provincial electricity demand in 2007.
In April 2014, Ontario became the first jurisdiction in North America to fully eliminate coal as a source of electricity generation.
Canadian homes, offices and factories are large users of electricity, or hydro, as it is often called in Canada.
Russia has a high-income mixed economy with state ownership in strategic areas of the economy.
The value of Russian arms exports totalled $15.7 billion in 2013—second only to the US.
Top military exports from Russia include combat aircraft, air defence systems, ships and submarines.
Between 2000 and 2012 Russia's energy exports fueled a rapid growth in living standards, with real disposable income rising by 160%.
In the same period, unemployment and poverty more than halved and Russians' self-assessed life satisfaction also rose significantly.
However, these gains have been distributed unevenly, as the 110 wealthiest individuals were found in a report by Credit Suisse to own 35% of all financial assets held by Russian households.
Poor governance means that Russia also has the second-largest volume of illicit money outflows, having lost over $880 billion between 2002 and 2011 in this way.
In January 2016, the US company Bloomberg rated Russia's economy as the 12th most innovative in the world, up from 14th in January 2015 and 18th in January 2014.
Russia has the world's 15th highest patent application rate, the 8th highest concentration of high-tech public companies, such as internet and aerospace and the third highest graduation rate of scientists and engineers.
If indirect emissions are accounted for, however, research suggests that UK emissions may have increased since 1990, due largely to manufacture of short-term consumer items overseas.
Carbon dioxide (CO2) and other greenhouse gases continue to drive global warming and ocean acidification. Under the Kyoto protocol the UK Government committed to reducing the levels of CO
Consumer prices in Germany rose 0.5 percent year-on-year in January of 2015, up from a 0.3 percent increase in the preceding month and matching preliminary estimates.
Fixed-line penetration in 2004 was relatively well-developed by regional standards, standing at 22 lines per 100 people, higher than Egypt with 14 and Saudi Arabia with 15, although behind the UAE with 27. Iran had more than 1 mobile phone per inhabitant by 2012.
Iran has a population of 70 million with some 56% of Iranians under the age of 25. In 2008, there were more than 52,000 rural offices, providing Telecom services to the villages across the country.
In 2012, there were 43 million internet users in Iran, making the country first in the Middle East in terms of number.
Iran is among the first five countries which have had a growth rate of over 20 percent and the highest level of development in telecommunication.
By the end of 2009, Iran's telecom market was the fourth-largest market in the region at $9.2 billion and is expected to grow to $12.9 billion by 2014 at a CAGR of 6.9 percent.
By the end of 2009, Iran's telecom market was the fourth-largest market in the region at $9.2 billion and is expected to grow to $12.9 billion by 2014 at a CAGR of 6.9 percent.
Pakistan has a population of over 190 million (the world's 6th-largest), giving it a nominal GDP per capita of $1,427, which ranks 133th in the world.
Pakistan is a developing country and is one of the Next Eleven, the eleven countries that, along with the BRICS, have a potential to become one of the world's large economies in the 21st century.
Growth poles of Pakistan's economy are situated along the Indus River; the diversified economies of Karachi and major urban centers in the Punjab, coexisting with lesser developed areas in other parts of the country.
Pakistan is currently undergoing a process of economic liberalization, including privatization of all government corporations, aimed to attract foreign investment and decrease budget deficit.
It is about 28 kilometres (18 mi.) off the south-eastern coast of India with a population of about 20 million.
According to the 2012 census the population of Sri Lanka was 20,359,439, giving a population density of 325/km2.
On 30 September 2015, Turkey submitted its Intended National Determined Contribution (INDC), with a greenhouse gas reduction target (including land use, land use change and forestry (LULUCF)) of up to 21% below business as usual (BAU) in 2030.
In comparison, under Turkey’s BAU, emissions are expected to increase by 512% of 1990 levels, or 162% on 2012 levels.
Through mitigation plans which target the whole economy, Turkey’s INDC aims to abate up to 255 MtCO2e in 2030 relative to BAU.
According to our analysis, with the current policies it already has in place, we find that Turkey can achieve 28% of its proposed INDC target i.e. these policies are expected to abate 71 MtCO2e excl.
If the planned policies of the INDC related to the energy sector are implemented, Turkey will achieve 73% of its INDC target.
If it does this, Turkey would emit an estimated additional 340 MtCO2e in 2020 and 250 MtCO2e in 2030 relative to BAU.
No coal plants were opened in 2012 and there were more renewable energy plants integrated to the electricity system,” said Önder Algedik, from the Turkish branch of the “350 Group” founded by environmental activist and author Bill McKibben.
The independent city-state, on the other hand, came into existence in 1929 by the Lateran Treaty between the Holy See and Italy, which spoke of it as a new creation, not as a vestige of the much larger Papal States (756–1870), which had previously encompassed much of central Italy.
Archaeologist Peter Garlake claims that "Zimbabwe" is a contracted form of dzimba-hwe which means "venerated houses" in the Zezuru dialect of Shona, and is usually applied to chiefs' houses or graves.
The first recorded use of "Zimbabwe" as a term of national reference was in 1960, when it was coined by the black nationalist Michael Mawema, whose Zimbabwe National Party became the first to officially use the name in 1961.
The term Rhodesia—derived from the surname of Cecil Rhodes, the primary instigator of British colonisation of the territory during the late 19th century—was perceived as inappropriate because of its colonial origin and connotations.
It was initially not clear how the chosen term was to be used—a letter written by Mawema in 1961 refers to "Zimbabweland"—but "Zimbabwe" was sufficiently established by 1962 to become the generally preferred term of the black nationalist movement.
Over 61 million people live in Italy (61,261,254) as of 2012.
The population of England in 2011 was around 53 million.
There is only a 34 kilometre (21 mile) gap between England and France and the countries are connected by the Channel Tunnel which opened in 1994.
England was the first industrialized nation after the industrial revolution that began around 1760.
Located in England and Wales, it stretches around 354 kilometres (220 miles) in length.
The longest river found entirely in England is the River Thames, it flows through London and is slightly shorter than the River Severn at around 346 kilometres (215 miles) in length.
The highest mountain in England is Scafell Pike, which stands at around 978 metres (3,209 ft) in height.
Germany held a memorial service Saturday for the victims of the Love Parade techno music festival, where 21 people were crushed to death and 500 injured in a tunnel that was the only entrance to the event.
A draft U.N. report says the Rwandan army that ended the 1994 slaughter of more than 500,000 people retaliated with barbaric killings in Congo two years later that also could be classified as a genocide.
Iran is close to clinching a deal to clandestinely import 1,350 tons of purified uranium ore from Kazakhstan, according to an intelligence report obtained by The Associated Press.
The U.N. refugee agency says over 17,000 people have been driven from their homes in the capital of Somalia this month by heavy fighting between government forces and rebels.
Japanese stocks open up 0.7 pct after opposition landslide win
Nigerian security forces have arrested the brother of a former militant group leader in the country 's oil-rich southern delta, saying they suspected him of involvement in a bombing that killed 12 people, an official said.
Hurricane Karl grew with surprising speed into a powerful Category 3 storm Friday, prompting closure of Gulf of Mexico oil facilities, and forecasters said the storm could strengthen further before hitting near the country 's largest power plant.
Brazil 's president is flying over a vast stretch of the nation 's northeast where floods killed 45 people and destroyed towns, roads and bridges.
A missing Air France jet carrying 228 people from Rio de Janeiro to Paris ran into a tower of thunderstorms and heavy turbulence over the Atlantic Ocean, officials said Monday, fearing that all aboard were lost.
Prosecutors charged the president of a major Japanese railway Wednesday with professional negligence resulting in death after a train crash killed 107 people, the company and prosecutors said.
Spain will cut spending by nearly euro50 billion ($70 billion) to rein in a deficit that has swelled to an outsized 11.4 percent of gross domestic product as the country struggles with recession, officials said Friday.
Police say 8 people have died in market bomb blast in northwest Pakistani city.
Hope of finding survivors was diminishing Tuesday as rescuers used heavy machinery including bulldozers to search for at least 107 people trapped under a landslide in rain-hit southwestern China.
Japan 's unemployment rate falls for second straight month to 5.3 percent.
A strong aftershock with a preliminary magnitude of 6.3 has struck Chile 's quake-stricken city of Concepcion, sending people running into the streets.
The Texas Rangers clinched the American League West title Saturday and their first playoff berth in 11 years after Jorge Cantu hit a tiebreaking homer in the eighth inning for a 4-3 win over the Oakland Athletics.
As many as 200 people are feared dead after a heavily loaded boat caught fire and capsized in southern Congo, a survivor said Sunday.
A sharp rise in food costs boosted China 's inflation rate to a 25-month high of 4.4 percent in October despite a government clampdown on credit and efforts to cool living costs.
Home repossession in the United Kingdom rose by 3 percent in the third quarter, but the Council of Mortgage Lenders said Thursday that it has reduced its forecast for the full year as mortgage arrears are declining.
A suicide bomber targeted Shiite Muslims on two buses being escorted by security forces through a northwestern Pakistan border area rife with sectarian and insurgent violence, killing 12 people Friday.
Overriding Western objections, a 150-nation nuclear conference on Friday passed a resolution directly criticizing Israel and its atomic program for the first time in 18 years.
Britain 's public sector borrowing has soared to 15.9 billion pounds ($24.7 billion) in August, a record for the month and well above analysts ' estimates.
Israeli police say a gunman entered a youth club for gay teens in central Tel Aviv on Saturday night and sprayed the interior with automatic rifle fire, killing three people and injuring 11.
Rescue and government officials say floods kill 267 people in Pakistan over last 3 days.
Japan 's government says machinery orders, a closely watched indicator of future business investment, jumped 10.1 percent in August from the previous month.
Thailand 's government insisted Sunday a crackdown on Red Shirt protesters will continue despite their plea for U.N-mediated talks to end four days of street clashes with troops that have killed 30 people.
A police spokesman in Iraq 's volatile Diyala province says three suicide bomb attacks have killed six people and injured 20 in the city of Baqouba.
Harbhajan Singh has produced a career-best score of 69 to help India score 487 runs in its first innings of the first test against New Zealand.
Iceland and Britain backed away from a full-blown diplomatic war on Thursday over the decision by the Icelandic president to veto a bill on the repayment of a $5.7 billion loan.
A top United Nations official on Thursday visited displacement camps in Sri Lanka where about 280,000 ethnic Tamil civilians have been held since the island nation 's civil war ended four months ago.
The International Monetary Fund has given final approval for a $2.6 billion loan for Sri Lanka despite calls from human rights groups that the island nation should first address concerns over its human rights record.
More than 100 refugees who say they are Kurds and Tunisians landed Friday on the southern shore of Corsica after a lengthy journey at sea, officials said.
Greece 's debt management agency says it has raised (EURO)390 million ($531 million) in the sale of 13-week treasury bills, but at a higher interest rate than a similar auction last month.
A fire in a shopping mall in northern China has killed 18 people and injured 24, the government said Saturday.
A British Virgin Islands judge ruled Tuesday that a former Rhode Island dive shop owner must serve at least 25 years of a mandatory life sentence for killing his wife on a Caribbean scuba outing in 1999, rejecting his lawyers ' bid for leniency.
Assailants fired a rocket at a convoy carrying Britain 's No. 2 diplomat in Yemen and a separate attack Wednesday by a security guard killed a French oil worker, heightening fears over the safety of Westerners in a country facing a growing militant threat.
Police say 127 people have frozen to death so far this winter in Poland.
Officials in crisis-hit Greece say they have signed an investment deal with Qatar worth a potential $5 billion.
Swelled by torrential rains, the Yalu river that marks the Chinese-North Korean border breached its banks on both sides Saturday, inundating communities and forcing the evacuation of more than 50,000 people in China.
The White House says the U.S. government is now borrowing 41 cents of every dollar it spends.
A trial of 25 activists accused of plotting against Bahrain 's rulers was thrown into question Thursday after new defense lawyers picked by authorities said they have been rejected by the suspects in this key Western ally.
An Austrian woman kidnapped at age 10 says she was repeatedly beaten, starved and forced to do housework half-naked during her 8 1/2 years at the mercy of a man who admired Hitler and considered himself an Egyptian god.
Belgium 's longest serving bishop resigned Friday, saying he was "enormously sorry" for having sexually abused a young boy about 25 years ago.
A Greek court on Thursday convicted a nightclub doorman of beating a 20-year-old Australian tourist to death on the holiday island of Mykonos, sentencing him to a total of 20 years in jail.
Aaron Redmond made a blistering 63 on his international Twenty20 debut, as New Zealand scored 198-5 in its World Cup Super8 game with Ireland on Thursday.
Puerto Rico 's government announced Friday that it will lay off more than 16,000 public workers in the U.S. Caribbean territory, adding to an unemployment rate higher than that of any U.S state.
England has declared on 262-9 on day three of the first test, setting Pakistan a target of 435 for victory.
Two former police officers were sentenced Wednesday to roughly 500 years in prison each in the 2005 killing of 29 people outside Rio, a massacre that raised fears of death squad activity in Brazil.
A forest fire fanned by high winds has forced the evacuation of about 4,000 residents on the Canary Island of La Palma, the Spanish government said Saturday.
Borrowing by consumers fell by $15.7 billion in April as U.S. households continued to trim spending and put away their credit cards amid a severe recession.
An American Airlines flight from Miami with more than 150 aboard overshot a runway while landing during a heavy rainstorm in Kingston Tuesday night, injuring more than 40 people, officials said.
Somali pirates seized a tanker carrying more than $20 million of crude oil from Saudi Arabia to the United States in the increasingly dangerous waters off East Africa, an official said Monday, an attack that could pose a huge environmental or security threat.